jejejeje
Antioquian equipment apparatus that by capital before equity reason for the
elimination of his team after a lack of andres velasco noted
the port authority
He explained that in order to achieve this, consultations and long-term
director of aldosterone brand
giovani moreno that appears for five of us that we were
the one by one we go to the complement these teachings for carlos rentería
on the long line of his career
Camilo Perez would later reach the 75 minute sources of this entity
the note generates victory
the first instance
rentería arriving 11 goals to zero
I had not done anything
all of us
expelled hugo soto is not known why later he also heard ayesa
córdobas is unjustified by that lack
He assured himself that Patiño has excelled with what the experts expected
united by the same color at least one of the two green had to come out
from the party
but as they were all manifestations of love the balance was tilted by the
Bogotano green finally won the sea level style the handling of
ball with another shirt Carlos Renteria returned to sentence the luck
from his old team as pleased by the legend team
seeing things well
around the world
with it not polluting and like some in the campín collapsed the
illusions countries
something that was taken with much resignation
we can hardly stay and on the other side with indignation
I hope from the sanctions bulletin government is preparing both the
team for Sunday the opal Wednesday that arrives is what it is
one thing tremendous patience missing two for expulsion the team has it
Guaranteed the fiscal and the last date
in national those energy must await milk for the other semester